# JSONMerge
Merges all .json files in a given directory till it doesn't exceed the max size mentioned

Solution to the following problem:  
JSON-Merge  
Write a program that can merge a series of files containing JSON array of Objects  
into a single file containing one JSON object.  
Example:  
Suppose there are 3 files - data1.json, data2.json, data3.json.  
Let's say data1.json contains -  
{"strikers": [  
{ "name": "Alexis Sanchez", "club": "Manchester United" },  
{ "name": "Robin van Persie", "club": "Feyenoord" }  
] }  
data2.json contains -  
{"strikers": [  
{ "name": "Nicolas Pepe", "club": "Arsenal" }  
] }  
data3.json contains -  
{"strikers": [  
{ "name": "Gonzalo Higuain", "club": "Napoli" },  
{ "name": "Sunil Chettri", "club": "Bengaluru FC" }  
] }  
Each merge creates a file with counter as suffix.  
	eg. after two merges the output file will be merge2.json (here 2 represents number of merges)  
	containing data of all the data files (data1.json data2.json data3.json)  
A merge of these 3 files will generate a file with the following data.  
merge2.json -  
{"strikers": [  
{ "name": "Alexis Sanchez", "club": "Manchester United" },  
{ "name": "Robin van Persie", "club": "Feyenoord" },  
{ "name": "Nicolas Pepe", "club": "Arsenal" },  
{ "name": "Gonzalo Higuain", "club": "Napoli" },  
{ "name": "Sunil Chettri", "club": "Bengaluru FC" }  
] }  
Functional requirements met:  
1. Accepts the following parameters as an input –  
	a. Folder Path: The folder where all the JSON files are stored.  
	b. Input File Base Name: The common prefix all file names share. In our  
		example above, this prefix was data.  
	c. Output File Base Name: The prefix for the merged file name  
		generated by the merge utility.  
	d. Max File Size: The maximum file size (in bytes) that each merged file  
		is allowed to be.  
2. The utility will read all files in the Folder Path that begin with the Input File  
	Base Name, and process them in increasing order of the number added as a  
	suffix to each file (1,2,3,....,12,13,...).  
3. The utility will ensure that the output files are named using the Output File  
	Base Name as a prefix, and a counter as a suffix.  
4. Merged files will never be greater than Max File Size.  
5. Each output file will contain a proper JSON array.  
6. The solution generic so that any kind of JSON array can  
	be merged. (e.g.: The root key "strikers" becomes "employees". The objects  
	in the array carry fields like "name", "id", "designation", etc.)  

Future amendments:  
1. Improving the logic to accept any kind of JSON body (Object or Array)  
2. Merging the JSON Object even if they have no similarities.  
